The Abomination Pack by Tim "Chemical Burn" Saunders
http://www.planetquake.com/baneforge
Abomination Pack version 2.0
chemicalburn@planetquake.com
2:22 AM 11/1/2000

Addendum 3:54 PM 12/27/2000
Reskinned Hellstorm and added the bot .pk3 with it.
Version 2.0 Addendum: 10:43 AM 1/6/2001
Midknight's knee has been fixed and gets a 'shiny shader, 
Ghoul's shader has been fixed, Cleaner's skin has been 
touched up, and given a shader. Also, the bot pack has
been added as an inclusive download.

-----------------------------------------------------
Models: Ranger, Orbb, Visor, Bitterman
Skins: MidKnight, Hellstorm, Ghoul, The Cleaner
Time: Overall, three months
Tools: Photoshop 5.5, Q3ACE
Credits: id Software
-----------------------------------------------------

NOTES:

This is the second in the series of skinpacks revolving around the Bad Girls Epic. As a matter of course, there will be in the near future Bios for all the characters and full bot support (likely within the weekend of this file's initial release). So far, only three of the four bios are done, those are below. 

----------------------------------------------------

BIO

Name: The Cleaner
Real Name: He likes to be called Cleaner, but sometimes answers to 'That Thing'.
Race: Cybornetically enhanced Jag'mar worm.

Ever wonder what cleans up all those extra gibs laying around the Arena after a match? Wonder no longer. The Cleaner was created by the Vadrigar, from a creature known as the Jag'Mar Worm, a carrion-devouring beast that lives within the deepest reaches of the Vadrigar's home planet. It had occured to some of their more demented minds, that such a creature could prove useful (with the proper modifications) to clean up the often  messy post arena carnage. 

With an enhanced intelligence, using a bio-quantum neural intergration process, inter-linked with a robotic exo-frame fused into the foremost trunk of the worm's body (the rest of the length simply discarded), the Eternal Arena's version of a Zamboni machine
was born. However, like most everything else introduced to the Arena, The Cleaner became fond of the idea of making its own gibs, rather than waiting for others to get themselves splattered. 

The rest, as they say, is history.

=================

Name: MidKnight
Real Name: unknown
Age: unknown
Race: Cybornetically enhanced humanoid.

MidKnight is an intergalactic mercenary for hire. He holds no alliance to any organization, or planet, save the one that
is willing to pay his fees. He has played the role of assassin, sabatour and bounty hunter. It is believed, given the 
unusal technology at his disposal, that he is decended from the race known as the Juurmai--a people destroyed by a near
godlike entity known only as DecimatioN. 

It is known in the closest circles that MidKnight hunts DecimatioN, when not accomplishing other missions. It is whispered
his is not a hunt for vengeance that brings him to seek this nearly indestructable monstrosity. It is to gain his power. 
Outside of weapons and technology, MidKnight knows little...save the secret (or what he believes to be the secret) of DecimatioN's power. 

Tales across the galaxy's seedier outposts echo of MidKnight's near brushes, and futile attempts to capture, corner or 
otherwise confront DecimatioN. It is something of a cat and mouse game the two play...or at least DecimatioN plays. Such 
secrets he keeps are his alone...but it never hurts to toy with the ever amusing MidKnight now and again.

Through a twist of bitter fate, that involved an ambush, and a rather unfortunate fusion reactor explosion, MidKnight was
taken at the moment of death, by the Vadrigar...of whom have a strange and very unstable alliance with DecimatioN. Now, 
the hunt continues again...this time, the Eternal Arena is the bounty hunter's battleground. 

(mention of DecimatioN is with permission of that character's creator, chiQ.)

Name: Ghoul
Real Name: Jacob McAllister
Age: unknown
Race: Undead Humanoid/cybornetically enhanced

The Tale of Ghoul: A Deep Space Ghost Story.


The UCC war of the late 22nd Century had produced the highest bodycount in the history of Mankind. Many of these 
casualities are now forgotten in a world now run by the profit machine of the United Corporate Confederation, 
where credits buy Truth. Yet, one lingering urban legend persists, since the end of the war; one that no amount
of covering up has managed to squelch. 

During the latter half of the war between the UCC and the unified forces of the remaining democratic nations, 
a mighty capitol ship, the Tyrannicida was one of the many ships left as floating space debris on the border of 
the solar system. It cost money to send salvage crews that deep into space, just for wrecked equipment, and to
recover bodies--money the UCC refused to spend. Besides, any high ranking officers slain, were replaced with 
look-alike replicants. Nobody would know the better.

Yet, there was no amount of covering up the UCC could use, in the face of the ruined Tyrannicida's ghost voyage home. 

Deep space miners were the first to tell of this tale. A UCC capitol ship, obviously damaged beyond possibility
of moving under its own power, suddenly appearing on radar and showing up on view screens. These mining vessels 
were certainly no match for a captiol ship, and would attempt to flee when hails were gone unanswered, save for 
an unsettling murmur over the speaker...

"Enemies...kill them all."

All such encounters ended with the capitol ship overtaking the mining vessel. Such instances would never result
in an exchange of weapons fire--the mining ships mysteriously lost power, when close enough to the ghost vessel. 
Soon after, the mining vessel would be boarded by troops certainly not of the Living realm. Shambling corpses 
would shuffle into the captured ship and drag living man into shadows, presumably damning them to join the ghost
crew. 

Few miners have survived this, and those who have report the 'leader' as a hideous ghoul, fused with metal and
wearing the ruined black and copper armor of a UCC commander. This abomination rarely allowed survivors, and 
those that did survive, can only assume their continued existence was by design. 

Sightings of the Tyrannicida persist, even as close as the fringe of the asteroid belt near Mars. Still, UCC 
command denies these tales, even in the face of an entire bulk freighter's documented encounter just beyond Io.
Each siting tells of the ghoul commander, and his tattered zombie crew, leaving ships abandoned, and rarely a 
person alive to tell the tale. The phantom ship's goal is clear...to come to home port and find final rest.

=================

Name: Hellstorm
Real Name: Hellstorm
Age: 4 years since being spawned from the Vadrigar cloning chamber.
Race: Second Generation Cyborg

Hellstorm is, technology wise, the most advanced of the Vadrigar cyborgs. His motion tracking and aiming systems
are second to none. It is because of this advanced weapons system that he had been coined "The one who will dethrone
Xaero". Whether this occurs remains to be seen. Hellstorm is a hotshot, and is very sure of himself. 

Recently, his 'game' has been interupted with the arrival of Destini to the Eternal Arena. Something about this woman
mystifies him, or as he reasons..."causes a glitch in the system." Still and all, ultimately his goal is to dethrone
Xaero and if she, or anybody else manages to cause a crimp in his efforts, he will do whatever it takes to 'amend' the
issue. Hellstorm is a gladiator showman to the hilt, and has no problem with either pleasing the Vadrigar masters or
humiliating his adversaries. 

-------------------------------------------------

Enjoy!

CB


